(DOCSP-46047): Updates to Data Encryption Page (#67)
mongodb/docs-atlas-architecture: source/data-encryption.txt

   :depth: 2
   :class: onecol

|service| offers several encryption features to protect data 
while in transit, at rest, and in use to safeguard data through 
its full lifecycle.

> Features

Reviewer: I like what you did here simplifying/reducing the heading levels, and I will replicate across other pages, but can we make this "Features for Data Encryption"? I ask because I know there's an effort from Sarah Lin to reduce duplicate headings in docs sets

--------

Encryption in Transit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Encryption in transit secures data during transmission between 
clients and servers, ensuring that your data cannot be inspected 
while in motion. In |service|, all network traffic to {+clusters+} is 
protected by Transport Layer Security (TLS), which is enabled by default 
and cannot be disabled. Data transmitted to and between nodes is encrypted 
in transit using TLS, ensuring secure communication throughout.

> You can select which TLS version to use in |service|, with TLS 1.2 
> being the recommended default and a minimum key length of 128 bits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select which TLS version to use in |service|. TLS 1.2  and a minimum key length of 128 bits are the recommended default settings.
```

> All encryption in transit is supported by the OpenSSL FIPS Object Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All encryption in transit is supported by the OpenSSL :abbr:`FIPS (Federal Information Processing Standards)` Object Module.
```

encrypted data by using an encrypted search algorithm. This ensures protection 
for sensitive information without sacrificing the ability to perform queries on it.

Queryable encryption uses AES-256 in authenticated CBC mode
to encrypt data, and uses a combination of AES-256, SHA2, and HMACs
for its encrypted search algorithm.

The following diagram demonstrates a queryable encryption workflow where 
user records are stored in a MongoDB database and queried by the client. 
The user's date of birth (DOB) is encrypted before being stored in the 
database. When the application submits an expressive range query on the field, 
the MongoDB driver uses the key to encrypt the query and passes a cryptographic token 
with it to the MongoDB server. The server uses the encrypted search algorithm 
to process the query without knowing the actual data. Finally, the driver uses the 
key to decrypt the query results and returns them to the authenticated 
client as readable plaintext.

.. figure:: /includes/images/queryable-encryption.svg
   :figwidth: 750px
   :alt: An image showing an example queryable encryption workflow.

Recommendations

> ---------------

Reviewer: Can we change this to "Recommendations for Data Encryption"? See above comment about reducing repeated headings across a docs set

Consider the following security recommendations when 
provisioning your {+clusters+}.

BYOK Encryption
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For staging and production environments, enable :ref:`BYOK

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
For staging and production environments, we recommend that you enable :ref:`BYOK
```

encryption <security-kms-encryption>` through AWS Key Management Service (KMS), 
Google Cloud KMS, or Azure Key Vault when provisioning your {+clusters+} 
to avoid relying on application development teams to configure it later on. 
This also ensures consistent data protection across your environments.

For development and testing environments, consider skipping |byok| encryption
to save costs. However, if you're storing 

> sensitive data in |service|, such as for industries such as healthcare or 
> financial services, consider enabling |byok| encryption in development 

Reviewer: Nit: reduce redundancy in "such as"
```suggestion
sensitive data in |service|, such as for healthcare or 
financial service industries, consider enabling |byok| encryption in development 
```

and testing environments as well.

Data Classification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

During the provisioning process, we also recommend assessing the 
sensitivity of certain fields in your data and classifying
them to determine which data requires encryption and what global 
restrictions to apply to these groups.

Consider the following data classification levels as a guideline:

- **Public Data**: Data that represents little to no
  risk to the company if unauthorized disclosure, alteration, 
  or destruction of data occurs. While confidentiality is 
  less of a concern, you should still apply authorization controls to 
  prevent unauthorized modification or destruction of public data.
  
  Examples: Products, Brochures, Training Information

- **Private Data**: Data that represents a moderate
  risk to the company if unauthorized disclosure, alteration, 
  or destruction of data occurs. By default, all 
  institutional data that is not explicitly classified as restricted or 
  public data should be treated as private data. 
  Apply CSFLE or queryable encryption on any fields that 

>   carry private data such as Personally identifiable information (PII).

Reviewer: Nit: use the source constant for this
```suggestion
  carry private data such as {+PII+}.
```

  
  Examples: Customer Information, Contracts, Product Costs

- **Restricted Data**: Data that represents significant
  risk to the company if unauthorized disclosure, alteration, 
  or destruction of data occurs. Apply the highest 

>   level of security controls to restricted data.

Reviewer: Does this mean CSFLE or queryable encryption plus BYOK encryption? On all fields or just PII? Can we state that explicitly here?
